and a great desire for all the guys here at
bologna except that he speaks to you is this today
we will show you a little glik to have
more weapons in extension guys I want
immediately reiterate this concept
glitch is not of our discovery ie not
we want to teach that we have it
discovered we are only here for
show it to you but then we want
first of all thank the zombie
beast and trim and black light that
they have been in the lobby with me and they have me
helped to show you this video e
let's start by explaining this to you
this little glik in practice once
reached the two thousand approximately 2,200 points
however, money to buy europe
hold one of yours
specialty that has the cassette for
example the ammunition lacorazza e
one of these enhancers
after you have held one of
let's say you have these projects thrown away
on the ground and as you will see go in
survival mode then 30 seconds
about to make you animate but you
you do not have to re animate you must
die and leave the tag then
he was raping zombies anyway after that
you left the tag a lot
you simply do the animates from one
of your companions when you die
leave the medal you lose
roughly 500 experience points then
I had about 2,200 and I was reborn with
1700 so I recommend you keep an eye on
calculate with points before doing this
glitches once reborn you don't have to
crush anything no key if
you will be without weapons the important thing will be that
you run and you will buy the weapon later
having bought it you will find yourself
with two weapons I previously had
got the vector and now I'll have the vector
that the hood I just took of
consequently I find myself already with two weapons
this glitches this bug as you see it
call can be used more fines
strong and very comfortable especially if maybe
you don't want to maximize the line
of the gun that will allow you precisely
you have to have more primary weapons though
anyway guys in this case more than
other can serve even further when
now comes the final zone instead of
continuously throw ammunition to have
three weapons with full loaders with only
time that debuts 3 ammunition is
certainly a useful thing is spared
a lot of money
sure the money maybe you lose them in
in the purchase of weapons though
I honestly believe it is much more
useful to have three weapons and of course us
we have not tried if there is a limit
but in reality I will arrive in this video
up to four weapons then I think we can
go even further now in fact
here I will do it again and make myself throw myself away
I recommend it is important that you have
the little box in your hand when you tell me
so you let yourself be thrown back by the
from the aliens
I was always from directions I still
tributaries inter grounded by aliens is
past 35 seconds 34 of survival
where you don't get revived again
the medal will come out you will do
bring back to life after you are
come back to life as you will see me
I recommend you don't push any keys
only the race if you want even his
quite slow rhythms like when
you will have the turret in hand these things
here I would like in this case with the front facing the
third weapon and the glass and now you see that
I will have the pistol gap the vector of
first is the hood I bought earlier
so we are already the beauty of three weapons
as a result boys as you have seen
maybe you can use it for per
example take the sniper rifle e
maybe you kept the lowered ater drugs than
it's always good and can be useful too
if the challenge of killing succeeds
coach ichino and then let's say though
do you want to activate the Hon
maybe it would be nice to always keep
so at least you can turn everything to
how much you want since you have one
duration we say
which is not great after some
minute you have to reactivate it anyway
now I will show you that I will take also
the mit reason m27 yard from 3000
here are two points to die those
traps or in the alley with let's say the
shaken in the puddle or with the
flame like having shown if you do n't
let the aliens throw earth is the same
and now no boys I showed
that I have 27 lm the pistol the vector la
hood is the truth there really is a lot of
weapons
so surely it will be difficult that
that can fall to the ground because not
warnings, however, here we show
another little trick enough
fast where we show you the fact a
small teleportation ie the fact that
from below you can use
objects up there and that's a lot
important because from below you can
also take the ammunition of the mit
reason if it serves guys I think of
having shown you everything I don't believe
there is more to add if you have
doubts or maybe you want to tell us
something else
indulge yourself in the comments I recommend
leave a nice like here except match
who speaks to you
I still thank my classmates
lobby and a great desire for all the kids